## Week 12 - Retrospective

### Theory/questions
This week there is no clearly defined program with further exercises - now is the time to let the Sprint come to an end together.

Talk about the Circle and your experiences from the last weeks. Talk about what you have learned and what the learning path has done to you.

What can you do after the Sprint?

Wow, you did it and the Sprint is complete. Congratulations! Where can you go from here? Some Circles continue to meet at regular times and at longer intervals, e.g., every 2 or 4 weeks instead of once every week. Thereby certain topics from the learning path can be deepened again.

You may also have your own ideas in your Circle that you would like to work on in the future. Maybe you bring in ideas from your own fields of work or you bring in ideas from other fields of interest. From these you create exercises.
Discuss what activities you want to fill the weeks after the sprint with, because it's definitely important to stick with it and continue to reinforce the skills and positive habits you built during the sprint.

Be sure to also discuss how you want to proceed with the existing shared resources (online platform, etc.).

#### Feedback
You have successfully completed our learning path to the notebox and we would like to thank you for your time and efforts. In order to continuously improve our learning path and ensure that it meets your expectations, we ask you to provide us with your opinions and suggestions by answering a feedback questionnaire. Your feedback is important to us and will help us to better tailor our learning path to the needs of our participants. Please take a few minutes to fill out the questionnaire. Your answers will remain anonymous and will only be used to improve the Lenrpfad. We thank you in advance for your support and look forward to hearing from you.

[Your feedback on the slip box method: suggestions for improvement wanted!](https://www.surveymonkey.de/r/NQX55WN)

### Tasks/Exercises
- Talk about the Circle and your experiences from the last few weeks. What did you learn and what did the learning path do to you?
- Answer the survey

### Reflection section
- Did you achieve your learning goal?
- Will you continue to fill and use the note box?

### Learning goals
- Review of what you have achieved
- Outlook on how to continue
