## Week 9 - MOC in 3 stages


### Theory/Questions
You may be wondering, what is a Map of Content (MOC) and why do you need MOCs in your notebox? MOCs represent entry points to larger subject areas. They are a map to your knowledge with which you can safely orient yourself within a topic area. They allow you to get a quick overview without having to read all the details again. If necessary, you can of course read deeper into the details. As I said, you can get an overview of a topic with a lot of notes by using a MOC and you can also elaborate it more. Think of a MOC as a room where all the notes on a topic can exist without you having to combine them directly in a meaningful way, but you could. You can just create a room in your notebox that contains all the notes on a topic and you don't have a compulsion to link them directly now in a logical and sequential way. They may all be in there.

Now you may ask yourself, when should you create a MOC? You should create a MOC when you have the feeling to lose the overview of a topic. Then it is really high time. An indication could also be if you are looking for information again and again, but don't find it, but often only similar information. This can also be a good indication that it is time to create a MOC.

To create a MOC, you proceed as follows: There are three phases. In the first phase, you gather everything about the topic into a new note. In the second phase, you weigh the notes, compare them, revise them, and reduce them to individual ideas. This is the most fun part, where new insights can emerge and you can take another deep look at your thoughts. This process can take several days. You write an overview of the topic and create a subdividing structure from the notes. In the third phase, you make sure that your new MOC is connected to the rest of your system and that it is findable.

Phase 1: Get all the notes on the topic into a new note.
2nd phase: weigh the notes against each other, work out thoughts, split them up, structure them
3rd phase: link the MOC in the system and ensure findability


Keep in mind that MOCs will continue to evolve, they are not static. As your knowledge grows, the time will come to update a MOC. The notes will be weighed against each other again. A MOC can in turn contain multiple MOCs and thus a whole hierarchy of MOCs on a topic can emerge.

Here again the most important points about MOCs
- A MOC provides entry points to larger topics and helps with overview and elaboration of topics with many notes.
- A MOC should be created when there is a feeling of losing track of a topic.
- The process for creating a MOC includes the phases: Collecting notes, weighing and revising notes, creating structure, and connecting to the rest of the note system.
- MOCs can evolve and can be hierarchical, so one MOC can contain multiple.

### Tasks/Exercises
- Select a topic for which you want to create a MOC.
	- It makes sense to choose a topic for which you have several notes in your notebox.
- Collect all your notes on this topic in a new note.
- Go through all the notes and weigh them against each other. Revise them, reducing them to single ideas and removing unnecessary information.
- Create a subdividing structure from the remaining notes.
	- (optional) write an overview of the topic.
- Connect your new MOC to the rest of the note system by tagging it appropriately.
- Make sure the MOC is easy to find by choosing a meaningful title and adding relevant keywords.
- (Optional) Consider whether it is possible to further subdivide the topic and if so create appropriate sub-MOCs.

Hints:
- The process may take some time, especially if the topic is extensive.
- It is not necessary to structure the notes hierarchically, experiment with different structures to find the best one for the topic.
- It is recommended to practice creating a MOC regularly to improve your skills and become faster.


### Reflection section
- How did creating the MOC impact my understanding of the topic and what insights did I gain through the process?
- What were the biggest challenges in collecting my notes on this topic?
- What type of structure did I choose for my MOC and why?
- What can I do to ensure that my MOC is easily findable?
- How often should I update my MOC and why?
- How can I improve the creation of MOCs in the future? What methods or tools would I like to try?

### Learning Objective
Understand and apply the process for creating a MOC.
